the fulton county grand jury said friday an investigation of atlantas recent primary election produced no evidence that any irregularities took place. the jury further said in term-end presentments that the city executive committee, which had over-all charge of the election, deserves the praise and thanks of the city of atlanta for the manner in which the election was doncucted. 

the suptember-october term jury had been charged by fulton superior court judge durwood pye to investigate reports of possible irregularities in the hard-fought primary which was won by mayor-nominate ivan allen jr. only a relative handful of such reports was received, the jury said, considering the widespread interest in the election, the number of voters and the size of this city. the jury said it did find that many of georgia's registration and election laws are outmoded or inadequate and often ambiguous. it recommended that fulton legislators act to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and imporoving them. the grand jury commented on a number of other topics, among them the atlanta and fulton county purchasing departments which it said are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments.

merger proposed

however the jury said it believes these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration. the city purchasing department, the jury said is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies. it urged that the city take steps to remedy this problem. implementation of georgia's automobile title law was also recommeneded by the outgoing jury.

it urged that the next legilslature provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implemntation of the law may be effected. the grand jury took a swipe at the state welfare department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in foster homes. this is one of the major items in the fulton county general asssistance program, the jury said, but the state welfare department has been fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the satate with the exception of fulton county, which receives none of this money. the jurors said they realize a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties. nevertheless we feel that in the future fulton county should receive some portion of these available funds. the jorors said. failure to do this will continue to place a disproportionate burden on fulton taxpayers. the jury also commented on the fulton ordinary's court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of appraisers, guardians, and administrators and the awarding of fees and compensation.

wards proctected

the jury said it found the court has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations of two previous grand juries, the atlanta bar association and an interim citizens committee.

these actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's criticimsms. the jury said. regarding atlant'as new multi-million dollar 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influence.

the jury did not elaborate, but it added that there should be periodict such keeping the prices reasonable.

ask jail deputies

on other matters, the ury recommended that; 1 four additional deputies be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail. 2 fulton legislators estabilishment of a fair and equitable pension plan for city emploees.

the jury praised the administration and operation of the atlant apolice epartment prison farms, grady hospital and the fulton health department.

mayor william b hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife peral cruelty. the couple was married aug 2 1
